everybody higher-tier a Sheraton Nicole
Ingram my mom and Caitlyn and we are
gonna be doing
we have our utensils right here everyone
wave them biggest one and here's our
cinnamon from Costco because Larry loves
Costco good thing Larry's not here
because he'd be having this all right we
film each of our utensils with cinnamon
all right and we can all go out once if
you want Kate wait I'm opening mine I
know I orange stuff sure no very water
right guys if you really you really have
to put it all in okay you can't just
take little sips all right everyone in
the camera
got in my eyes
so that was like really really really
gross oh my god missionary back I was do
we recommend this challenge yeah it's
fun
I hope you guys enjoyed this and don't
make fun of us too much